Good Director, this is not a taboo, this is a hotel.
The Chinese food in this hotel is pretty good,
Bed Supervisor, you don’t know who is making the noise, let’s go.
Good director, the suitcases should be as big as our two houses,
Just sit in the big court.
I have something private to talk to you about,
My good director and I just have an ordinary relationship as colleagues.
It's also your personal number.
So I have something
What you think is good exists for performance
What about me?
I'm too worried about being stubborn
I only buy jobs
The good general manager knows the previous commitment and admiration
Is it the most expelled?
He comes to exercise power
I was transferred to you forcibly
And drugged my wine
Qitu sent me to a bed with fake light
How about finally getting the crowd you deserve?
you are telling me
Fortunately, Sir Nian is not such a person.
I always want to have dinner with me
you want to pass me
Follow the company's previous affairs
are you calling
fun fun
You are such a common name
It's a pity that you underestimated it
You take Lulu, a small building like me and Chen Jingyang?
Didn't you see that you are on Chen Gui now?
Even dead Chinese
You have to live with me after all
before i come
I just said a Zhang Yang field
I'm your big boss
It's your blessing that you like you
As long as you have the same purpose
They were all in the same company for a while
Come to the office and find me
After all, I have a crush on you.
I am married
I still want to find it
central simplicity
If you are a real group
I came out with you
you wouldn't think
I really just want to have dinner with you
You agreed to my simple offer
I agreed not to go to bed
Your husband, you are in my place
Give it to me quickly
I'll take you myself